Assume you are creating one ecommerce portal. Now here you want to manage one state named cart. 

this state you want to use on header component, checkout component, cart component, products component.

state is limited to one component and if you want to use it in multiple component then you have to pass that using props.

but if you are using it in multiple components then your code will become very much complex.

to manage the global state we can take help of Redux.

Redux is a library which is used in React to manage state globally.

To Manage state globally we need to understand some redux fundamentals.

1. Global State: its state which is global which we can use in any component of application.

2. Reducers: These are functions which can take 2 parameters 
		1 is initial state 
		2 is action

		this function actually helps you to update state of your 		application
3. Action: which is triggered by user and based on that we can call reducers to update state.

Implementation Steps:

1. Install Dependencies: npm i redux react-redux
2. create one folder redux inside create store.js file
3. Register this store inside main.jsx 
	(to use the state globally we need to register)
4. open main.jsx  and edit code as shown
5. create Reducer named CounterReducer.
6. Create RootReducer and add Counter Reducer inside the same
	register rootReducer inside store.js
7. if you want to read the state in any component then use useSelector() hook
	it will read the state from that we can read count
	you can check app.jsx where I have used the same.
8. Create Counter.jsx component
	here we are using useDispatch hook to dispatch the action

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Similarly if you want to use another reducer.
create UserReducer.js
register inside rootReducer
use inside Header.jsx to read the login status
use inside Login.jsx component to dispatch the action.
also created Dashboard Component for successful Redirection

Here I have implemented react-router-dom for implementing navigatio

	










